If we're like this, I won't want to stop.
It's because we're both girls...
Does sensei insert her finger when doing lecherous acts with girls?
Are you feeling even better? You're wetter than before...
Can I put a second one in?
At that time, I just came just by her touching me.
Domination, you could say...?
Revolutionary pretty girl marriage
I want to give her my *first* time
I think she's straight...
Nothing is better than the meaning of yuri
She's my ideal prince!
She asked me, "Please masturbate before the screen"!!
What do lesbos do in bed?
My flesh, transcending the boundaries of gender, wishes to join with your soul!
An Indirect kiss... Ehehe...
You're revolutionizing my cosmos!
She smells nice...
Let's do it until you like me!
She's popular with the guys... So she must have a boyfriend...
O-our daughter is... with a girl...?
She is the school's hero after all!
YURI
She smells nice...
It'll always be a one-sided love though.
I guess I'm also a girl...
Th... That's...
I'm not into girls at all!
Her first love... was a girl!?
Aaah! Onee-sama!
The two of us... Are only gonna wash off sweat!!
I can still smell you on my fingers, Onee-san.
There's only girls in a girl's school.
That's right. She undressed me, Kissed me, and did various things.
If I were a guy, I just know I would fall head over heels for you!
Do you understand what I mean? My heart's racing.
Even though she's a girl, I really love my best friend, But that we're both girls is the one reason we're not together.
EEEK! Sh-She's all over me~~~!
Well... What a cute voice
Be as gentle as you possibly can...
I'm a lesbian so I'm into this kind of thing
You're my favorite food <3
How about we wash each other's backs?
It means I swing both ways!!
I met her in the site's "Girls who like girls" Community.
Man, that student council girl was so cool!!
I'll do anything I can to ensure her happiness!
N... Not yet. I'm all sweaty...
Your panties have everyone excited <3
So from time to time, it makes we want to bully her.
You're making me envious.
Please can I touch your breasts?
Can I hold your hand?
Now, Take your clothes off immediately and come over here.
Viva Yuri!
There's not enough girl love!
Oh, No worries! Yer Older sister's into girls as always!
Sorry, I can't CUNTrol myself
Performing the Landing of the Apollo 11 Also known as Your lips on the surface of the moon also known as mine.
My childhood friend Lily-chan has a crush on me. But I'm in love with my cousin.
You'll be astounded if I strip for you.
Get me a "Yuri cage" then.
Don't underestimate hammocks!
No woman is immune to the power of a woman's touch!
I answered "Yes..." That was my first kiss. We moved to the bed without stopping and made love until morning.
Oh really? I remember a certain someone saying "Ahhh! I can't live without you!" Last night.
Take responsibility and Lend Me your breasts!
I take baths with my younger sister too, but I don't sleep with her!
You're saying magical girls have to be in love with each other!?
Well you were busy masturbating, so I thought if I did, I'd cause you trouble.
You'll restore magical power even more efficiently if you do XXXXXX and BEEP BEEP BEEP
Wearing panties that small isn't good for your health.
I have three mommies though...
Past a certain point, all that rubbing and stroking makes you feel drowsy right?
She patted my head!
She stroked my hair!
The yuri flower ;)
We'll never need guys again!
"I want you, and got it so bad that I ended up masturbating with one of those matching sweaters we bought together"
I'm pleasuring myself! Right This minute!
Why was I born a girl!? Because we're both girls, I can't confess my love to her.
I'm replenishing my Little sister meter.
